Song Tianbao, you are really old and confused, aren't you?
I think you, the city lord, have done it. Get out of here
I don't have your say
Why don't Zhang Zihao tell me what you think?
In fact, Chen Zhan Wang Sha Liu Xishan
Zhang Yuntao's reason is very simple
It's an uneven distribution of the spoils
Chen Tianjiao wants to seize the inheritance of the grass forest in Jinhai
So there was an argument with both of them
In the end, the two of them threatened to report
So I had to kill him
Wonderful retreat from rigorous judgment
Hello eldest son, you said it well
What are you all staring at?
Give Zhang Zihao a round of applause!
Is that what you said?
Well said, well said.
Hahahahaha
Ridiculous
Slander and righteous policies alone can convict people
I'm reasoning
This is a conclusion based on the facts
Didn't escape Liu Fan
It seems that you were hurt badly at the frontier.
It hasn't recovered yet.
It takes half of Qingshuangxue's skill
I'm no match for him now
Xiaobai, I locked your dantian meridians this time.
Unable to run the truth
Now you can leave your last message
When approaching
When your head hits the ground